README.md, before:

# SimpleTaskList (alpha release - PL lang)

Welcome to SimpleTaskList app!


## Demo

*(English version coming soon)*

https://dawidhm.github.io/SimpleTaskList/

![SimpleTaskList App Image](images/1-simpleTaskList.jpg)


## Description

**Simple Task List** is the application that helps you to keep away *frequent* and *short-term memory lapses* and manage all daily *to-do* tasks in one place.

Everything in one super simple shape to maximise your **effectiveness** and **productivity**.


### Power comes out of simplicity

Our app is very simple, so **it won't distract you** with a million *useless functions*, *goodies* and *blinking lights*. Just write down whatever you need to remember and it's ready. 

Now you can **focus** on doing the **most important thing** without worrying about a *thousand small things to remember* that you might miss!


## App Features
1. Adding new task
1. Removing task
1. Marking task as done
1. **Special Feature**: Ultra fast task adding method

## 1. Adding new task

To add a new task, select the input field, then write a task name and hit the button to add the task.

![Adding new task gif](images/2-adding-new-task.gif)


## 2. Removing task

To remove a task, press the red bin icon placed on the right side of every task you want to remove.

![Removing task gif](images/2-removing-task.gif)

## 3. Marking task as done

Once you've finished a task, you can mark it as done. To do this, press the green square on the left side of the task. A line through will appear on the task, and a completion mark will appear in the green square. 

![Marking task as done gif](images/3-marking-done-small.gif)

You can also uncheck it as many times as you want.

## 4. **Special Feature:** Ultra fast task adding method

### **App can be used with just the keyboard**. 

The currently chosen item has a **black border**. You can easily switch between fields and buttons:

- forwards with the **TAB** *button* 
- and backwards with the **SHIFT + TAB** *buttons combination*

After typing the task name, press **ENTER** *button* to add the task.

![Ultra fast adding method using keyboard gif](images/4-special-feature-a.gif)

### **Auto-focus and input field reset**

To make adding multiple tasks *faster* and *easier*, automatic selection of an input field has been added. This means that each time you **add a new task**, the **input field selects automatically** and **input field text clears**. You can quickly *enter multiple tasks* one by one, without having to select an input field and clearing field after each task is added.

This happens every time you *submit a new task* with a **mouse click**, or the **ENTER** *key*. 

![Ultra fast adding method using keyboard gif](images/4-special-feature-b.gif)


## Future Plans

- Add english language version
- Add functionality to save user data
- Add the order movement function for each task

Commit message:

caution for users on not saving data added, minor description changes

README.md, after:

# SimpleTaskList (alpha release - PL lang)

Welcome to SimpleTaskList app!

[**Caution!** This is the **early alpha release**. It is only possible to test the functionality of the application. At this stage, the application **will not save your tasks!** Once the site is *refreshed*, all assignments **will be gone**! Don't forget about it before you add tasks for the whole week!]


## Demo

*(English version coming soon)*

https://dawidhm.github.io/SimpleTaskList/

![SimpleTaskList App Image](images/1-simpleTaskList.jpg)


## Description

**Simple Task List** is the application that helps you to keep away *frequent* and *short-term memory lapses* and manage all daily *to-do* tasks in one place.

Everything in one super simple shape to maximise your **effectiveness** and **productivity**.


### Power comes out of simplicity

The app is very simple, so **it won't distract you** with a million *useless functions*, *goodies* and *blinking lights*. Just write down whatever you need to remember, then you can **focus** on doing the **most important thing** without worrying about a *thousand small things to remember* that you might miss!


## App Features
1. Adding new task
1. Removing task
1. Marking task as done
1. **Special Feature**: Ultra fast task adding method

## 1. Adding new task

To add a new task, select the input field, then write a task name and hit the button to add the task.

![Adding new task gif](images/2-adding-new-task.gif)


## 2. Removing task

To remove a task, press the red bin icon placed on the right side of every task you want to remove.

![Removing task gif](images/2-removing-task.gif)

## 3. Marking task as done

Once you've finished a task, you can mark it as done. To do this, press the green square on the left side of the task. A line through will appear on the task, and a completion mark will appear in the green square. 

![Marking task as done gif](images/3-marking-done-small.gif)

You can also uncheck it as many times as you want.

## 4. **Special Feature:** Ultra fast task adding method

### **App can be used with just the keyboard**. 

The currently chosen item has a **black border**. You can easily switch between fields and buttons:

- forwards with the **TAB** *button* 
- and backwards with the **SHIFT + TAB** *buttons combination*

After typing the task name, press **ENTER** *button* to add the task.

![Ultra fast adding method using keyboard gif](images/4-special-feature-a.gif)

### **Auto-focus and input field reset**

To make adding multiple tasks *faster* and *easier*, automatic selection of an input field has been added. This means that each time you **add a new task**, the **input field selects automatically** and **input field text clears**. You can quickly *enter multiple tasks* one by one, without having to select an input field and clearing field after each task is added.

This happens every time you *submit a new task* with a **mouse click**, or the **ENTER** *key*. 

![Ultra fast adding method using keyboard gif](images/4-special-feature-b.gif)


## Future Plans

- Add english language version
- Add functionality to save user data
- Add the order movement function for each task
